INTRO TO ANGULAR

What is Angular?
    - Angular is a flexible front end language Javascript Framework (meaning it was built on javascript). It is similar to Java in the sense that both are able to utilize the MVC (model, view, controller) layout - allowing you to give users the capability to create, manipulate, & store data. 

What can I do with Angular?
    - A lot! You can create html files, js (javascript) files, and store css & other static components giving you an all in one language.


Getting started with Angular : 
    - To get started you'll want to go to your git bash and run the following command :
        npm install -g @angular/cli 
        (when prompted to add Angular routing type "y" and hit enter)
        (when prompted which stylesheet format you'd like to use, use your arrow key to navigate down to "SCSS" and hit enter)
    
    - To create a new Angular project run the following command :
        ng new projectNameHere

    - To create new components run the following command :
        ng generate component componentNameHere
        OR
        ng g component componentNameHere

    - To start that new project run the following commands : 
        cd projectNameHere
        ng serve

Running the command "ng serve" will launch the app locally and can be found at the following location "http://localhost:4200/" in your browser















Heres some shit I've pulled from online you can check out in downtime : 

CROSS PLATFORM

Progressive Web Apps
Use modern web platform capabilities to deliver app-like experiences. High performance, offline, and zero-step installation.

Native
Build native mobile apps with strategies from Cordova, Ionic, or NativeScript.

Desktop
Create desktop-installed apps across Mac, Windows, and Linux using the same Angular methods you've learned for the web plus the ability to access native OS APIs.

SPEED AND PERFORMANCE

Code Generation
Angular turns your templates into code that's highly optimized for today's JavaScript virtual machines, giving you all the benefits of hand-written code with the productivity of a framework.

Universal
Serve the first view of your application on Node.js®, .NET, PHP, and other servers for near-instant rendering in just HTML and CSS. Also paves the way for sites that optimize for SEO.

Code Splitting
Angular apps load quickly with the new Component Router, which delivers automatic code-splitting so users only load code required to render the view they request.

PRODUCTIVITY

Templates
Quickly create UI views with simple and powerful template syntax.

Angular CLI
Command line tools: start building fast, add components and tests, then instantly deploy.

IDEs
Get intelligent code completion, instant errors, and other feedback in popular editors and IDEs.

FULL DEVELOPMENT STORY

Testing
With Karma for unit tests, you can know if you've broken things every time you save. And Protractor makes your scenario tests run faster and in a stable manner.

Animation
Create high-performance, complex choreographies and animation timelines with very little code through Angular's intuitive API.

Accessibility
Create accessible applications with ARIA-enabled components, developer guides, and built-in a11y test infrastructure.